Feedback Challenge Proposal - Team 09:

1. Challenge
///
The challenge highlights nicely the insecurity of using a PRNG for session
tokens. I would suggest including, in the description, the fact that the
Mersenne Twister is used to generate the session-IDs (or just that the website
is known to love the Mersenne Twister), as well as the recommended tool for
reversing the Mersenne Twister. Alternatively, you would need to include steps
for deducing the type of PRNG used. It would also be necessary to mention in the
description Alice's login pattern ("she logs in every X minutes from the hour"),
as the challenger has no way of knowing otherwise that the system is dynamic.
Finally, a timer value of 15 minutes may be too high (and how long does her
session remain valid for?), as a failed/missed attempt would require waiting
another 15 minutes to try again.

///////////
With regards to your remark, this would indeed be possible but it may take the
focus away from the usage of a PRNG instead of a CSPRNG and more towards the
reuse of the seed. I would stick with your original approach unless it is not
possible to extract the state without consecutive IDs or due to other
complications in a dynamic system, with your desired tool.

//////////
Note however that cryptography & steganography have somewhat different
objectives. Steganography aims to hide the fact that some text/message is being
sent and is of valid use for that purpose, but it was misapplied by Alice here.


2. Form
///
The requirements should list all the components of the system, not just of the
user and client. Thus descriptions of algorithms and their implementations
(php-Mersenne vs c) that comprise the system should be detailed.

////
Adding some screenshots and more detailed SBS instructions should be easy once
you have the implementation, but remember that the SBS should make it clear how
to accomplish each step (e.g. is a script needed for requesting the 600+ session
IDs?).

////
Make sure that you include an implementation section, as well as a section about
the setup of the challenge if anything more than just starting the VMs is
needed. Keep in mind that we don't want to spend time to figure out how to setup
and do your challenge.


3. Misc. comments

Section 4: Do you mean CSPRNG instead of CSPNR?
